# Terraform::AWS::AutoscalingGroup

Provides an AutoScaling Group resource.

-> **Note:** You must specify either `LaunchConfiguration`, `LaunchTemplate`, or `MixedInstancesPolicy`.

## Properties

`Name` - (Optional) The name of the auto scaling group. By default generated by Terraform.

`NamePrefix` - (Optional) Creates a unique name beginning with the specified prefix. Conflicts with `Name`.

`MaxSize` - (Required) The maximum size of the auto scale group.

`MinSize` - (Required) The minimum size of the auto scale group. (See also [Waiting for Capacity](#waiting-for-capacity) below.).

`AvailabilityZones` - (Required only for EC2-Classic) A list of one or more availability zones for the group. This parameter should not be specified when using `VpcZoneIdentifier`.

`DefaultCooldown` - (Optional) The amount of time, in seconds, after a scaling activity completes before another scaling activity can start.

`LaunchConfiguration` - (Optional) The name of the launch configuration to use.

`LaunchTemplate` - (Optional) Nested argument with Launch template specification to use to launch instances. Defined below.

`InitialLifecycleHook` - (Optional) One or more [Lifecycle Hooks](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/latest/userguide/lifecycle-hooks.html) to attach to the autoscaling group **before** instances are launched. The syntax is exactly the same as the separate [`Terraform::AWS::AutoscalingLifecycleHook`](/docs/providers/aws/r/autoscalingLifecycleHooks.html) resource, without the `autoscalingGroupName` attribute. Please note that this will only work when creating a new autoscaling group. For all other use-cases, please use `awsAutoscalingLifecycleHook` resource.

`HealthCheckGracePeriod` - (Optional, Default: 300) Time (in seconds) after instance comes into service before checking health.

`HealthCheckType` - (Optional) "EC2" or "ELB". Controls how health checking is done.

`DesiredCapacity` - (Optional) The number of Amazon EC2 instances that should be running in the group. (See also [Waiting for Capacity](#waiting-for-capacity) below.).

`ForceDelete` - (Optional) Allows deleting the autoscaling group without waiting for all instances in the pool to terminate.  You can force an autoscaling group to delete even if it's in the process of scaling a resource. Normally, Terraform drains all the instances before deleting the group.  This bypasses that behavior and potentially leaves resources dangling.

`SuspendedProcesses` - (Optional) A list of processes to suspend for the AutoScaling Group. The allowed values are `Launch`, `Terminate`, `HealthCheck`, `ReplaceUnhealthy`, `AZRebalance`, `AlarmNotification`, `ScheduledActions`, `AddToLoadBalancer`. Note that if you suspend either the `Launch` or `Terminate` process types, it can prevent your autoscaling group from functioning properly.

`MetricsGranularity` - (Optional) The granularity to associate with the metrics to collect. The only valid value is `1Minute`. Default is `1Minute`.

`EnabledMetrics` - (Optional) A list of metrics to collect. The allowed values are `GroupMinSize`, `GroupMaxSize`, `GroupDesiredCapacity`, `GroupInServiceInstances`, `GroupPendingInstances`, `GroupStandbyInstances`, `GroupTerminatingInstances`, `GroupTotalInstances`.

`MinElbCapacity` - (Optional) Setting this causes Terraform to wait for this number of instances to show up healthy in the ELB only on creation. Updates will not wait on ELB instance number changes. (See also [Waiting for Capacity](#waiting-for-capacity) below.).

`WaitForElbCapacity` - (Optional) Setting this will cause Terraform to wait for exactly this number of healthy instances in all attached load balancers on both create and update operations. (Takes precedence over `MinElbCapacity` behavior.) (See also [Waiting for Capacity](#waiting-for-capacity) below.).


## Return Values

### Fn::GetAtt

`Id` - The autoscaling group id.

`Arn` - The ARN for this AutoScaling Group.

`AvailabilityZones` - The availability zones of the autoscale group.

`MinSize` - The minimum size of the autoscale group.

`MaxSize` - The maximum size of the autoscale group.

`DefaultCooldown` - Time between a scaling activity and the succeeding scaling activity.

`Name` - The name of the autoscale group.

`HealthCheckGracePeriod` - Time after instance comes into service before checking health.

`HealthCheckType` - "EC2" or "ELB". Controls how health checking is done.

`LaunchConfiguration` - The launch configuration of the autoscale group.

## See Also

* [aws_autoscaling_group](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/autoscaling_group.html) in the _Terraform Provider Documentation_