# Terraform::AWS::EfsFileSystem

Provides an Elastic File System (EFS) resource.

## Properties

`CreationToken` - (Optional) A unique name (a maximum of 64 characters are allowed) used as reference when creating the Elastic File System to ensure idempotent file system creation. By default generated by Terraform. See [Elastic File System] (http://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/) user guide for more information.

`ReferenceName` - **DEPRECATED** (Optional) A reference name used when creating the `Creation Token` which Amazon EFS uses to ensure idempotent file system creation. By default generated by Terraform.

`Encrypted` - (Optional) If true, the disk will be encrypted.

`KmsKeyId` - (Optional) The ARN for the KMS encryption key. When specifying kms_key_id, encrypted needs to be set to true.

`PerformanceMode` - (Optional) The file system performance mode. Can be either `"generalPurpose"` or `"maxIO"` (Default: `"generalPurpose"`).

`ProvisionedThroughputInMibps` - (Optional) The throughput, measured in MiB/s, that you want to provision for the file system. Only applicable with `ThroughputMode` set to `provisioned`.

`Tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the file system.

`ThroughputMode` - (Optional) Throughput mode for the file system. Defaults to `bursting`. Valid values: `bursting`, `provisioned`. When using `provisioned`, also set `ProvisionedThroughputInMibps`.


## Return Values

### Fn::GetAtt

`Arn` - Amazon Resource Name of the file system.

`Id` - The ID that identifies the file system (e.g. fs-ccfc0d65).

`DnsName` - The DNS name for the filesystem per [documented convention](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/mounting-fs-mount-cmd-dns-name.html).

## See Also

* [aws_efs_file_system](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/efs_file_system.html) in the _Terraform Provider Documentation_