# Terraform::AWS::SnsTopic

Provides an SNS topic resource

## Properties

`Name` - (Optional) The friendly name for the SNS topic. By default generated by Terraform.

`NamePrefix` - (Optional) The friendly name for the SNS topic. Conflicts with `Name`.

`DisplayName` - (Optional) The display name for the SNS topic.

`Policy` - (Optional) The fully-formed AWS policy as JSON. For more information about building AWS IAM policy documents with Terraform, see the [AWS IAM Policy Document Guide](/docs/providers/aws/guides/iam-policy-documents.html).

`DeliveryPolicy` - (Optional) The SNS delivery policy. More on [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/DeliveryPolicies.html).

`ApplicationSuccessFeedbackRoleArn` - (Optional) The IAM role permitted to receive success feedback for this topic.

`ApplicationSuccessFeedbackSampleRate` - (Optional) Percentage of success to sample.

`ApplicationFailureFeedbackRoleArn` - (Optional) IAM role for failure feedback.

`HttpSuccessFeedbackRoleArn` - (Optional) The IAM role permitted to receive success feedback for this topic.

`HttpSuccessFeedbackSampleRate` - (Optional) Percentage of success to sample.

`HttpFailureFeedbackRoleArn` - (Optional) IAM role for failure feedback.

`KmsMasterKeyId` - (Optional) The ID of an AWS-managed customer master key (CMK) for Amazon SNS or a custom CMK. For more information, see [Key Terms](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/sns-server-side-encryption.html#sse-key-terms).

`LambdaSuccessFeedbackRoleArn` - (Optional) The IAM role permitted to receive success feedback for this topic.

`LambdaSuccessFeedbackSampleRate` - (Optional) Percentage of success to sample.

`LambdaFailureFeedbackRoleArn` - (Optional) IAM role for failure feedback.

`SqsSuccessFeedbackRoleArn` - (Optional) The IAM role permitted to receive success feedback for this topic.

`SqsSuccessFeedbackSampleRate` - (Optional) Percentage of success to sample.

`SqsFailureFeedbackRoleArn` - (Optional) IAM role for failure feedback.


## Return Values

### Fn::GetAtt

`Id` - The ARN of the SNS topic.

`Arn` - The ARN of the SNS topic, as a more obvious property (clone of id).

## See Also

* [aws_sns_topic](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/sns_topic.html) in the _Terraform Provider Documentation_