# Terraform::Alicloud::KvstoreInstance

Provides an ApsaraDB Redis / Memcache instance resource. A DB instance is an isolated database environment in the cloud. It can be associated with IP whitelists and backup configuration which are separate resource providers.

## Properties

`InstanceName` - (Optional) The name of DB instance. It a string of 2 to 256 characters.

`Password` - (Optional) The password of the DB instance. The password is a string of 8 to 30 characters and must contain uppercase letters, lowercase letters, and numbers.

`InstanceClass` - (Required) Type of the applied ApsaraDB for Redis instance.
For more information, see [Instance type table](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/61135.htm).

`AvailabilityZone` - (Optional) The Zone to launch the DB instance.

`InstanceChargeType` - (Optional) Valid values are `PrePaid`, `PostPaid`, Default to `PostPaid`.

`Period` - (Optional) The duration that you will buy DB instance (in month). It is valid when instance_charge_type is `PrePaid`. Valid values: [1~9], 12, 24, 36. Default to 1.

`InstanceType` - (Optional) The engine to use: `Redis` or `Memcache`. Defaults to `Redis`.

`VswitchId` - (Optional) The ID of VSwitch.

`EngineVersion` - (Optional) Engine version. Supported values: 2.8 and 4.0. Default value: 2.8. Only 2.8 can be supported for Memcache Instance.

`SecurityIps` - (Optional) Set the instance's IP whitelist of the default security group.

`PrivateIp` - (Optional) Set the instance's private IP.

`BackupId` - (Optional) If an instance created based on a backup set generated by another instance is valid, this parameter indicates the ID of the generated backup set.

`VpcAuthMode` - (Optional) Only meaningful if instance_type is `Redis` and network type is VPC. Valid values are `Close`, `Open`. Defaults to `Open`.  `Close` means the redis instance can be accessed without authentication. `Open` means authentication is required.

`Parameters` - (Optional) Set of parameters needs to be set after instance was launched. Available parameters can refer to the latest docs [Instance configurations table](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/61209.htm) .


## Return Values

### Fn::GetAtt

`Id` - The KVStore instance ID.

`ConnectionDomain` - Instance connection domain (only Intranet access supported).

## See Also

* [alicloud_kvstore_instance](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/alicloud/r/kvstore_instance.html) in the _Terraform Provider Documentation_