# Terraform::OpenStack::ComputeKeypairV2

Manages a V2 keypair resource within OpenStack.

~> **Important Security Notice** The private key generated by this resource will
be stored *unencrypted* in your Terraform state file. **Use of this resource
for production deployments is *not* recommended**. Instead, generate
a private key file outside of Terraform and distribute it securely
to the system where Terraform will be run.

## Properties

`Region` - (Optional) The region in which to obtain the V2 Compute client. Keypairs are associated with accounts, but a Compute client is needed to create one. If omitted, the `Region` argument of the provider is used. Changing this creates a new keypair.

`Name` - (Required) A unique name for the keypair. Changing this creates a new keypair.

`PublicKey` - (Optional) A pregenerated OpenSSH-formatted public key. Changing this creates a new keypair. If a public key is not specified, then a public/private key pair will be automatically generated. If a pair is created, then destroying this resource means you will lose access to that keypair forever.

`ValueSpecs` - (Optional) Map of additional options.


## Return Values

### Fn::GetAtt

`Region` - See Properties above.

`Name` - See Properties above.

`PublicKey` - See Properties above.

`Fingerprint` - The fingerprint of the public key.

`PrivateKey` - The generated private key when no public key is specified.

## See Also

* [openstack_compute_keypair_v2](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/openstack/r/compute_keypair_v2.html) in the _Terraform Provider Documentation_