# Terraform::Vault::AwsAuthBackendClient

Configures the client used by an AWS Auth Backend in Vault.

This resource sets the access key and secret key that Vault will use
when making API requests on behalf of an AWS Auth Backend. It can also
be used to override the URLs Vault uses when making those API requests.

For more information, see the
[Vault docs](https://www.vaultproject.io/api/auth/aws/index.html#configure-client).

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Properties

`Backend` - (Optional) The path the AWS auth backend being configured was
mounted at.  Defaults to `aws`.

`AccessKey` - (Optional) The AWS access key that Vault should use for the
auth backend.

`SecretKey` - (Optional) The AWS secret key that Vault should use for the
auth backend.

`Ec2Endpoint` - (Optional) Override the URL Vault uses when making EC2 API
calls.

`IamEndpoint` - (Optional) Override the URL Vault uses when making IAM API
calls.

`StsEndpoint` - (Optional) Override the URL Vault uses when making STS API
calls.

`IamServerIdHeaderValue` - (Optional) The value to require in the
`X-Vault-AWS-IAM-Server-ID` header as part of `GetCallerIdentity` requests
that are used in the IAM auth method.


## See Also

* [vault_aws_auth_backend_client](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/vault/r/aws_auth_backend_client.html) in the _Terraform Provider Documentation_