# Terraform::Vault::PkiSecretBackendIntermediateCertRequest

Generates a new private key and a CSR for signing the PKI Secret Backend.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Properties

`Backend` - (Required) The PKI secret backend the resource belongs to.

`Type` - (Required) Type of intermediate to create. Must be either \"exported\" or \"internal\".

`CommonName` - (Required) CN of intermediate to create.

`AltNames` - (Optional) List of alternative names.

`IpSans` - (Optional) List of alternative IPs.

`OtherSans` - (Optional) List of other SANs.

`Format` - (Optional) The format of data.

`PrivateKeyFormat` - (Optional) The private key format.

`KeyType` - (Optional) The desired key type.

`KeyBits` - (Optional) The number of bits to use.

`ExcludeCnFromSans` - (Optional) Flag to exclude CN from SANs.

`Ou` - (Optional) The organization unit.

`Organization` - (Optional) The organization.

`Country` - (Optional) The country.

`Locality` - (Optional) The locality.

`Province` - (Optional) The province.

`StreetAddress` - (Optional) The street address.

`PostalCode` - (Optional) The postal code.


## Return Values

### Fn::GetAtt

`Csr` - The CSR.

`PrivateKey` - The private key.

`PrivateKeyType` - The private key type.

`SerialNumber` - The serial number.

## See Also

* [vault_pki_secret_backend_intermediate_cert_request](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/vault/r/pki_secret_backend_intermediate_cert_request.html) in the _Terraform Provider Documentation_