# Terraform::Vault::PkiSecretBackendRootCert

Generates a new self-signed CA certificate and private keys for the PKI Secret Backend.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Properties

`Backend` - (Required) The PKI secret backend the resource belongs to.

`Type` - (Required) Type of intermediate to create. Must be either \"exported\" or \"internal\".

`CommonName` - (Required) CN of intermediate to create.

`AltNames` - (Optional) List of alternative names.

`IpSans` - (Optional) List of alternative IPs.

`UriSans` - (Optional) List of alternative URIs.

`OtherSans` - (Optional) List of other SANs.

`Ttl` - (Optional) Time to leave.

`Format` - (Optional) The format of data.

`PrivateKeyFormat` - (Optional) The private key format.

`KeyType` - (Optional) The desired key type.

`KeyBits` - (Optional) The number of bits to use.

`MaxPathLength` - (Optional) The maximum path length to encode in the generated certificate.

`ExcludeCnFromSans` - (Optional) Flag to exclude CN from SANs.

`PermittedDnsDomains` - (Optional) List of domains for which certificates are allowed to be issued.

`Ou` - (Optional) The organization unit.

`Organization` - (Optional) The organization.

`Country` - (Optional) The country.

`Locality` - (Optional) The locality.

`Province` - (Optional) The province.

`StreetAddress` - (Optional) The street address.

`PostalCode` - (Optional) The postal code.


## Return Values

### Fn::GetAtt

`Certificate` - The certificate.

`IssuingCa` - The issuing CA.

`PrivateKey` - The private key.

`Serial` - The serial.

## See Also

* [vault_pki_secret_backend_root_cert](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/vault/r/pki_secret_backend_root_cert.html) in the _Terraform Provider Documentation_