# Terraform::TLS::PrivateKey

Generates a secure private key and encodes it as PEM. This resource is
primarily intended for easily bootstrapping throwaway development
environments.

~> **Important Security Notice** The private key generated by this resource will
be stored *unencrypted* in your Terraform state file. **Use of this resource
for production deployments is *not* recommended**. Instead, generate
a private key file outside of Terraform and distribute it securely
to the system where Terraform will be run.

This is a *logical resource*, so it contributes only to the current Terraform
state and does not create any external managed resources.

## Properties

`Algorithm` - (Required) The name of the algorithm to use for
the key. Currently-supported values are "RSA" and "ECDSA".

`RsaBits` - (Optional) When `Algorithm` is "RSA", the size of the generated
RSA key in bits. Defaults to 2048.

`EcdsaCurve` - (Optional) When `Algorithm` is "ECDSA", the name of the elliptic
curve to use. May be any one of "P224", "P256", "P384" or "P521", with "P224" as the
default.


## Return Values

### Fn::GetAtt

`Algorithm` - The algorithm that was selected for the key.

`PrivateKeyPem` - The private key data in PEM format.

`PublicKeyPem` - The public key data in PEM format.

`PublicKeyOpenssh` - The public key data in OpenSSH `authorized_keys`.

`PublicKeyFingerprintMd5` - The md5 hash of the public key data in.

## See Also

* [tls_private_key](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/tls/r/private_key.html) in the _Terraform Provider Documentation_